do you dream my hello and heartily
welcome to check for viking metal
fans had actually moment again
there are already videos for this game
but these are retrospective of me
the quality of the presentation is not so
as I would like them now
Almost a year and 125 more videos
later now a second try now
but enough of the words and right into the
almost always happen in wide balls
you play the big viking warrior
Karin actually fell in the bay
he becomes his favorite goddess
freya saved and back on the
thrown back battlefield
because a dark threat away
and that would have the hollywood film of
13th warrior reminds the threatened
viking world and you are practically the
only hope for improvement
so get on with a sharp one
shut one and one brutal
fighting ax in another hand and fighting
against gray and today this country
measured and the hard but
inferior will now begin life
difficult to make so brutal is already
a pretty good catchword for your ax
rams their almost the opponent in the
keep the screen from becoming authentic
is would be the real balancing would be
Floats other liquids
and if it fly like a surcharge
they 're just arming me with something
which through as in so many others
combat-oriented action adventures but
middle and she in as if that were
warrior or the body of the opponent
actually an obstacle to water yes
actually, ultimately, that is for the
atmosphere in the fight is a whole
big plus point and as if that were
You do not have enough beyond that
still the possibility to one
devastating finishing move even at
the screen whole body parts in front of the opponent
disconnects or settles in two
halves to share even more
in slow motion this finishing move is
although optional leads to that
opponent instead of a three small ones
red ball can
You can also do those red wise ones
then collect an additional strip leads to
a kind of divine mum or a rage
bar and if the associated
skill does not strengthen you
only yours but also all kites
Beijing in the moment with you
fighting together on the battlefield
with fire ice or additional damage
through electricity
we can already do that
Highlight of the game after you
enough viking from the clutches of the
gray liberated you attack the
respective fortress of evil
Here you are not alone
instead, get the
Support from all Vikings
you have freed up to this time
This creates an incredible mass
sleep with hundreds of vikings and
Hundreds of opponents I in doubt
could just tear in the air
or
you just with mass over pensions
would if they could but because since the
viking ami with you and around you
your task as hero is the viking
important in such a situation
personalities like shamans or
to turn off the main head of the enemy
you have to get close to these
you but only once side by
page with your Vikings by Horden
of opponents appreciate if you however
the important opponents are starting
the real spectacle especially
main people are blackboard creature with
the devastating influence the
we can nutter you properly
not in the decisive moment
dodge
in connection then comes at the whole
big opponents always a quick time
event at least the right keys
push and if the brave china
done because he is having an extremely
brutal killing frequency block actually
I'm not a big fan of quicktime
events but actually you are in vienna
at the vsk less bad than in
other titles
reason is that you in the
decisive moment practically karin
sword his help it with brutal
Violence downright into an opponent
to press
One swords the field of an opponent
It's hard work together and you are
effectively involved demian
fast beat follow on your corner
mouse button hammett with the mouse is that
entire fight so pick yet
more beautiful than with the gamepad since that
presses with index and middle finger
the mouse at least
a better impression for the fighting
mediated and basically acts as
if you are actually for it
be responsible that the pressure on
The weapon comes with the click of the button
on the gamepad, in fact, the case
that would be quite subjective
would be with me the case anyway
I recommend the whole thing once with mouse
and keyboard to try out
Otherwise, if you have in the Belfast
no buttons but gamepad buttons
are displayed
the problem is probably because that one
Gamepad in the computer is the game
that does not matter in the case
especially if you like it with mouse and
keyboard used but always dazzles
the gamepad buttons provided it is in
some way that thinks
There is a gamepad for use
could be added that the game you
an open game world promises something
however, on closer inspection not
can completely fulfill there though
basically the possibility wild around
to break and sometimes you can
which wikingerdorf choose now nothing
exempt
In principle , however , followed one
stringent course of events with
other words we have to village first
liberate an object there
hold
then you will be free in Wietendorf
making and in the connection because he comes
in the first place to the occasion
experience c or village visit because
you play under one before
pretext to access there first
blocked
In addition to that, I am the fundamental one
actually always repeat the game system
The freed village visited special
cities and fights every amount of gray
vikings as well you can not
equipment suitable for us attributes
Values ​​you can only insofar
improve that her his life points
can increase his life ball
the reason that it still does not
on
it is similar that the game itself
practically constantly with or in yourself
superlative expanded in this video
Do you see some fights?
However, these are nothing in comparison
with the downright huge battles
in the course of the game to beat about it
It also teaches a whole series
interesting skills the particular ones
Situations can be useful and
make it easier for you if you play it
uses
but basically you have too
the possibility with one say
basic portfolio of skills and the
Dodge ability of scary relative
to get through the game well
Overall, because the Belfast has
but a solid title with very good
combat system and the euro by
evaluation steam required when the game
again by 75 percent cheaper
is offered is an alternative
maybe the wacky bluetooth that
but no convincing fight
system just like the battle vs
the fighting system and the mass battles
it is also the action adventure
distinguishes the history and also the
Graphic presentation are rough and
edged the whole world in yourselves
after the installation finds again
you should be wise in the wise further
have questions then write this on
best in a comment below that
youtube video to those of
one of the first videos come thanks
that you made the extra click
has on you and in others the
have looked here now thank you very much
for watching
but before you leave, I still have
a little question what is yours at one
action-adventure most importantly
fighting system or additional gameplay
mechanics such as
jump passages or the
background story the story of
game would interest me if
Let me tell you
but a commentary there would me
looking forward
at the occasion you can too
Like to subscribe to the channel that would
I am also very happy
But now I am again
that's why it's good
and goodbye faithful
hmm